PORTAL-1728: As customer, I can consult the help associated to the Onboarder instance creation... (#18)
akeneo/portal-helpcenter: content/md/onboarder/1-set-up-onboarder.md

---
id: set-up-akeneo-onboarder
themes: manage-onboarder-instance
title: "**Set up** your Onboarder instance"
popular: true
related: console-activity-history
---

# Set up your Onboarder instance

The Akeneo Onboarder instance creation is managed on the **projects console** of your [Portal](connect-to-your-portal.html). 

> Following the purchase of an Onboarder instance, an email is sent to the **Onboarder administrator** inviting them to complete the setup form to create the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the purchase of an Onboarder instance, an email is sent to the **Onboarder administrator** inviting them to fill in the setup form to create the instance.
```

> You can set up the instance from the link given in the mail or by accessing the instance configuration page on the **projects console**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up the instance from the link in the email or by accessing the instance configuration page on the **projects console**.
```

::: info
The [technical prerequisites](https://docs.akeneo.com/latest/onboarder/prerequisites/index.html#prerequisites) have to be fulfilled before filling the setup form except if you are linking the Onboarder to a Serenity instance.
:::

![Onboarder list](../img/onboarder_list_waiting_setup.jpg)

1. First, from the menu, go to `Projects console / Projects` and select your project.
2. Go to the Onboarder instance tab, and open the instance with the status `Waiting for setup`, by clicking on the line of the instance.

> 3. Then fill the form with the missing prerequisites in order to create the Onboarder instance.

Reviewer 2: I would have used "Then fill in the form" (to fill in)

## Link your Onboarder to an existing PIM Cloud instance

1. Select a `Linked PIM instance` in the list.

> 2. Choose a `Domain prefix`, which is going to define of your URL instance (e.g: https://retailer-yourdomainprefix.cloud.akeneo.com). By default, the domain prefix of your linked PIM instance is used in the generated URL. An instant check is done to see if the name is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose a `Domain prefix`, which is going to define your URL instance (e.g: https://retailer-yourdomainprefix.cloud.akeneo.com). By default, the domain prefix of your linked PIM instance is used in the generated URL. An instant check is done to see if the name is available.
```

3. Select an `Installation locale` for your Onboarder.
4. The `Installation location` is chosen with your linked PIM instance.

> 5. Once the information is inputted, click `Request an Instance`.

Reviewer 2: Are you sure about "inputted" ? Isn't it derived from "to put" and not "to putt" ?

![Setup flexibility_pim_linked form](../img/onboarder_instance_setup_pim_linked.jpg)

## Link your Onboarder to an on-premise instance

> 1. Input your `On-premise URL`. This is the root URL of your Akeneo PIM is self-hosted. Please note that this URL must be publicly accessible on the Internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Input your `On-premise URL`. This is the root URL of your Akeneo PIM if it is self-hosted. Please note that this URL must be publicly accessible on the Internet.
```

2. Choose a `Domain prefix`, which is going to be at the beginning of your URL instance (e.g: https://retailer-yourdomainprefix.cloud.akeneo.com). An instant check is done to see if the name is available.
3. Select an `Installation locale` for your Onboarder.

> 4. Select an `Installation location` for your Onboarder instance hosting location that is closest to you to reduce latency access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select an `Installation location` for your Onboarder instance. Choose the closest location from you to reduce latency access.
```

> 5. Once the information is inputted, click `Request an Instance`.

Reviewer 2: Same here.

![Setup onboarder_on_premise form](../img/onboarder_instance_setup_on_premise.jpg)

::: warning
Those data are **not modifiable** once submitted.
:::

Once the request is submitted, it takes **some time to process**. During this time, you will see your instance status in `Pending activation`.

Once the instance is created, the **Onboarder administrator** will be notified by email, and the instance status will change to `Activated`.

# Access your Onboarder instance properties

Once the instance is set up, you can access the instance properties.

1. First, from the menu, go to `Projects console / Projects` and select your project.
2. Go to the Onboarder instance tab, and open the instance by clicking on the corresponding line.

> 3. On `Properties` sub-tab, you can see the information filled on the setup and the name of the **Onboarder administrator** who received the credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On `Properties` sub-tab, you can see the information filled during the setup and the name of the **Onboarder administrator** who received the credentials.
```

![Onboarder Instance properties](../img/onboarder_activated.jpg)

::: info
To update your **number of suppliers quota**, ask your Customer Success Manager, and you will be notified when change is effective.
:::

## Get the log of the activities on the Onboarder instance

> On the Onboarder instance, on the `Activity Log` sub-tab, you can see when the activation was done, and when supplier quota was updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Onboarder instance, on the `Activity Log` sub-tab, you can see when the activation was done, and when the supplier quota was updated.
```
